Portland 2019 welcome/get ready blog post (#900)
writethedocs/www: docs/conf/portland/2019/news/welcome-get-ready.rst

* **Plan an unconference session.** We'll be running the `Unconference <https://www.writethedocs.org/conf/portland/2019/unconference/>`_ all day Monday and on Tuesday afternoon. Want to chat with like-minded folks about a very specific thing? This is the place. We'll have a sign-up board so you know what's happening, and supplies to help you brainstorm.
* **Coffee, breakfast, and lunch are provided on all three days!** Don't worry about coffee before you come to the conference on Sunday, Monday, or Tuesday. Coffee and breakfast are served at 8:15, and the conference starts at 9.

Find your way around
--------------------

* **Riding the trains.** Public transit is generally excellent in Portland, you can get from the airport downtown on the MAX red line. For more information, see our `visiting page <https://www.writethedocs.org/conf/portland/2019/visiting/>`_ for all the details you need to get around.
* **Riding a bike.** Portland has a `bike share program <https://www.biketownpdx.com/>`_ that is having a promotion in May that includes free riding! Check it out while you're in town.

Have fun
--------

> * **Join us for a walk in the woods**. If you're planning to come out for the `hike <https://www.writethedocs.org/conf/portland/2019/hike/>`_ on Saturday at *1:45pm*, make sure you `reserve your spot <https://ti.to/writethedocs/write-the-docs-portland-2019/>`_ . We're hoping for less hail than some other hikes we've done in the past, but bringing a rain jacket would be wise.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Join us for a walk in the woods**. If you're planning to come out for the `hike <https://www.writethedocs.org/conf/portland/2019/hike/>`_ on Saturday at *1:45pm*, make sure you `reserve your spot <https://ti.to/writethedocs/write-the-docs-portland-2019/>`_ . Note that we've changed the route a bit this year because of construction, and will be doing an "out and back" to Pittock Mansion. 
```

* **Pre-register at the welcome reception.** The meet-and-greet event will be held on Sunday from *5pm-8pm*. You can pick up your badge and enjoy a couple of drinks on us. This is a great chance to meet your fellow documentarians before the conference starts.
* **Come to the social event on Monday night.** This is a private party just for conference attendees. Plan to attend so you can get to know folks in the community. Once again we'll be at `Jackknife <https://goo.gl/maps/hvYkv6RU4qD2>`_ at 614 SW 11th Ave, on *Monday evening from 7pm*, with free snacks and drinks.

Share the love
--------------

* **Help the global community attend virtually.** Following the success of our pilot last year, we'll be streaming all the talks during the conference. You can share the `Live Streaming <http://www.writethedocs.org/conf/portland/2019/livestream/>`_ page with your fellow documentarians from around the world, and invite them to chat about the talks in the #live-streaming channel on Slack.

> * **Slack with your fellow documentarians.** Feel free to use our `Slack <http://slack.writethedocs.org/>`_ to coordinate dinners, ask questions, or share notes with fellow conference attendees.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Slack with your fellow documentarians.** Join our `Slack <http://slack.writethedocs.org/>`_ to coordinate dinners, ask questions, or share notes with fellow conference attendees.
```

> * **Slack with your fellow documentarians.** Join our `Slack <http://slack.writethedocs.org/>`_ to coordinate dinners, ask questions, or share notes with fellow conference attendees.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Slack with your fellow documentarians.** Join our `Slack <https://writethedocs.org/slack/>`_ to coordinate dinners, ask questions, or share notes with fellow conference attendees.
```

* **Use the hash tag #writethedocs.** Twitter is a great way to communicate at events. If you arrive into Portland early and want to find others, use the hash tag `#writethedocs <https://twitter.com/search?q=%23writethedocs&src=tyah>`_ . We can point you to something good.

Thanks again to our sponsors
----------------------------

> Once again, we're grateful to the companies and organizations that `sponsor <https://www.writethedocs.org/conf/portland/2018/sponsors/>`_ our events, some of them year after year:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once again, we're grateful to the companies and organizations that `sponsor <https://www.writethedocs.org/conf/portland/2019/sponsors/>`_ our events, some of them year after year:
```
